<h1>Quiet Text Information and Tools</h1>

<p><strong>From</strong> <a href="./readme.tqt">readme.tqt</a></p>
<p><strong>Copyright</strong> &copy; 2022, Meadhbh Hamrick. All Rights Reserved.</p>
<p><strong>Documentation License</strong> <a href="https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0.html">Creative Commons 4.0 Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike (CC BY-NC-SA)</a>
<p><strong>Code License</strong> <a href="https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause.html">BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License</a>

<p class="abstract">

  Text files rule.
  There are .doc files from 1997 that barf when I open them in Office 365.
  Text files from 1979 open just fine in emacs, vi or BBEdit.
  I live a text-first lifestyle.
  I write text docs with a text editor and convert them to HTML or PDF only when I have to.

</p>
    
<p class="abstract">

  Quiet Text is the set of conventions for identifying structure and style in ASCII or UTF-8 text files.
  Warp and weft are JavaScript programs to convert quiet text files to HTML documents.

</p>
    
<p class="abstract">

  There is a small amount of markup in Quiet Text.
  But it isn't ugly like Markdown or Enriched Text.
  And it's made of printable characters so I can see it in whatever text editor I want to use.
      
</p>
    
<p class="abstract">

  This repository also contains documentation describing Quiet Text conventions and the warp and weft utilities.

</p>

<a name="More%20Information%20About%20Quiet%20Text"></a>
<h3>More Information About Quiet Text</h3>

<p>

  The best place to start learning about Quiet Text is the
  Quiet Text Web Site at
  <a href="https://quiet.meadhbh.hamrick.rocks/">https://quiet.meadhbh.hamrick.rocks/</a> .
  It describes the format of a typical quiet text document, how
  they're converted to other formats and a bit about the
  project's history.

</p>

<p>
  [ While the Quiet Text Web Site is under construction, information about Quiet Text conventions and tools may be found in <a href="./project/00_Introduction.md">./project/00_Introduction.md</a>, <a href="./project/10_Features.md">./project/10_Features.md</a> and <a href="./project/20_Design.md">./project/20_Design.md</a>. ]
</p>

<p>
  
  The web site is mechanically generated from the web site
  source code in the <a href="./site">./site</a> directory
  using tools found in the <a href="./bin">./bin</a> directory.
  You can generate a local copy of the site using the
  <a href="./Makefile">./Makefile</a> in this directory, though
  you will need a recent version of node.js and
  <code>make</code> installed.

</p>

<p>

  The <a href="./examples">./examples</a> directory contains
  examples of using Quiet Text to generate product
  documentation, a simple web site and HTML fragments using the
  tools provided by this repo.
       
</p>

<a name="More%20Information%20About%20Tools%20in%20this%20Repository"></a>
<h3>More Information About Tools in this Repository</h3>

<p>

  The two primary tools included in this repository are the
  <code>warp</code> and <code>weft</code> tools.
  <code>Warp</code> extracts content and markup from a source
  text file and produces a JSON object representing the
  document.  <code>Weft</code> takes a JSON object (like one
  generated by <code>warp</code>) and converts it into a HTML
  file.
          
</p>

<p>
          
  The <a href="https://quiet.meadhbh.hamrick.rocks/tools/">Tools</a>
  section of the web site describes how to use these utilities.

</p>

<a name="Comments,%20Suggestions%20and%20Bugs"></a>
<h3>Comments, Suggestions and Bugs</h3>

<p>

  The <a href="./project">./project</a> directory contains information about this project including <a href="./project/40_Bugs.tqt">Bugs</a>, <a href="./project/30_ToDos.tqt">Todo Items</a> and <a href="./project/60_Comments.tqt">Comments</a>.
  There is a brief discussion about branching in the <a href="./project/50_Branching.tqt">./project/50_Branching.tqt</a> file.
</p>

<p>

  We do not use the Github Issues, Wiki or Project features.
  To make a comment or file a bug, fork or clone this repo, add an entry to the <a href="./project/60_Comments.tqt">./project/60_Comments.tqt</a> or <a href="./project/40_Bugs.tqt">./project/40_Bugs.tqt</a> file and submit it as a pull request.
</p>
